{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25480\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Kitchen Inventory\
This section discusses methods for storing __**fresh food**__.\
[Fruits and vegetables](Screen Shot 2021-11-29 at 11.14.35 AM.png)\
##Storing fruits\
**Tip:** Put avocados and bananas in a fruit bowl or paper bag. Do *not* keep them in the refrigerator.\
:avocado : banana\
Apples and oranges can be refrigerated. :apple :orange\
\
!Fruit! Color! Refrigerate?!\
:\'97! :\'97! :\'97!\
!avocados ! green! no!\
!bananas! yellow! no!\
!apples !red! yes!\
!oranges !orange !yes! \
\
To learn more about fruits and vegetables, [click here](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/what-should-you-eat/vegetables-and-fruits/).\
\
##Types of fruits and vegetables\
Fresh veggies and fruits are healthy and delicious.\
Vegetables\
*green beans\
*broccoli\
*okra\
\
Fruits\
1.) berries\
2.) apples\
3.) bananas\
\
According to [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avocado):\
>The avocado (peruses americana), a tree likely originating from south central Mexico, is classified as a member \
>of the flowering plant family, Lauraceae. The fruit of the plant is botanically a large berry containing\
>a single large seed.\
\
**Note:** You can activate the avocado plugin (`com.sn_avocado`) if you have the `admin` role. After activating \
the avocado plugin, you can active additional plugins such as `com.snc.citrus_fruit` and `com.snc.collard_greens`.\
\
###Recipes\
[Contact us]mail to: ginger.walker@clearskye.com for recipes.}